# Project-555
I Solar Power Project by Future Energy

Scale of the project activity Small Scale

Project participants
Project Owner: FUTURE ENERGY ONE
BRASIL INTEGRADORA E
COMERCIALIZADORA DE ENERGIA LIMPA
LTDA.

Project Aggregator: ECO2 CONSULTING
LTDA.

Host Party Brazil

Applied methodologies and standardized baselines
Applied Baseline Methodology: AMS-I.D.: “Grid
connected renewable electricity generation”,
version 18

Standardized Methodology: Not Applicable

Sectoral scopes
01 Energy industries
(Renewable Sources)

Estimated amount of total GHG emission reductions
To be estimated during verification
[Ex-ante estimated at 8,636 CoUs per year]
____________
The I Solar Power Project by Future Energy (hereafter referred to as “project”) consists of a
bundled solar power plant installation of total capacity of 8.998 MW. The three solar power plants
are installed in São Desidério, state of Bahia, and Poço Redondo, state of Sergipe. The promoter of
the project is “FUTURE ENERGY ONE BRASIL INTEGRADORA E COMERCIALIZADORA DE
ENERGIA LIMPA LTDA.” (hereinafter also referred as FUTURE ENERGY), a company who has
developed and been operating all solar power plants. FUTURE ENERGY also has the full ownership
of the project activity.

These solar power plants are operational since 2025 (different months for each plant) and are
consistently reducing the emission of Greenhouse Gas emissions (GHGs). This reduction is currently
being applied under “Universal Carbon Registry” (UCR) for receiving carbon finance for a long term
sustainability of the project.

Purpose of the project activity:

The purpose of the project is to install and operate three new solar power plants at different locations.
These solar power plants generate electricity using solar energy which is a clean and renewable source
of energy for power generation. The generated electricity supplies the National Interconnected
System (Sistema Interligado Nacional - SIN). The project activities are outlined in Table 1, with a
total capacity of 8.998 MW.
___________________
Power Plant City/State Energy Source/ Installed capacity (MW) /Annual generation (MWh/year)/ Commissioning date
___________
UFV Desidério III/ São Desidério/BA Solar PV /3.206 /7,077.48 /18/02/2025
____________
UFV Desidério IV /São Desidério/BA Solar PV /3.206 /7,049.22/ 06/02/2025
_____________
UFV Poço Redondo/ Poço Redondo/SE Solar PV/ 2.586/ 5,179.42/ 27/05/2025
______________
Prior to the implementation of the project, the electricity delivered to the grid by the project activity
would be generated by the operation of grid-connected power plants and by the addition of new
generation sources into the SIN.

With a nominal power capacity of 8.998 MW, the project is expected to supply an annual average of
19,306 MWh during the fixed 10-year crediting period, which replace the power generation of those
fossil fuel-fired and other non-renewable power plants delivered to the SIN under the baseline
scenario.

Also, the project is expected to achieve greenhouse gas emissions reductions of 8,636 tCO2e
annually. The total emission reductions during the fixed 10-year crediting period are 86,356 tCO2e.
The project is expected to contribute to SDG 7, 8 and 13.


